docs(README): update README (#63)
portainer/agent: README.md

This implementation is using *serf* to form a cluster over a network, each agent requires an address where it will advertise its
ability to be part of a cluster and a join address where it will be able to reach other agents.

The agent retrieves the IP address it can use to create
a cluster by inspecting the Docker networks associated to the agent container. If multiple networks are available, it will pickup the first network available and retrieve the IP address inside this network.

> Note: Be careful when deploying the agent to not deploy it inside the Swarm ingress network (by not using `mode=host` when exposing ports). This could lead the agent to not be able to create a cluster correctly if picking the IP address inside the ingress network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Be careful when deploying the agent to not deploy it inside the Swarm ingress network (by not using `mode=host` when exposing ports). This could lead to the agent being unable to create a cluster correctly, if picking the IP address inside the ingress network.
```

* from the filesystem (see the Edge key section below for more information about key persistence on disk)
* from the cluster (if joining an existing Edge agent cluster)

If no Edge key was retrieved, the agent will start a HTTP server where it will expose a UI to associate an Edge key. After associating a key via the UI, the UI server will shutdown.

For security reasons, the Edge server UI will shutdown after 15 minutes if no key has been specified. The agent will require a restart in order
to access the Edge UI again.

### Edge key

The Edge key is used by the agent to connect to a specific Portainer instance. It is encoded using base64 and contains the following information:

* Portainer instance API URL
* Portainer instance tunnel server address
* Portainer instance tunnel server fingerprint
* Endpoint identifier

This information is represented in the following format before encoding (single string using the `|` character as a separator):

```
portainer_instance_url|tunnel_server_addr|tunnel_server_fingerprint|endpoint_ID
```

The Edge key associated to an agent will be persisted on disk after association under `/data/agent_edge_key`.

### Polling

> After associating an Edge key to an agent, this one will start polling the associated Portainer instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After associating an Edge key to an agent, the agent will start polling the associated Portainer instance.
```
